{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2869
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Why OZONE?\
Rethinking the Camera: Smart Engineering for the Modern Photographer\
For a long time, we\'92ve been told that "heavy metal" equals quality. But for photographers in the field, weight is a burden, and high costs are a barrier. OZONE provides a different answer: Advanced Additive Manufacturing. We utilize 3D printing not as a cheap alternative, but as a superior engineering solution to bypass the limitations of traditional CNC and mass-production.\
\
1. Incredible Strength, Without the Weight\
Traditional CNC machining cuts away from a solid, heavy block. OZONE builds layer by layer with intent. This allows us to create complex internal lattice structures\'97hollowing out non-essential areas while reinforcing high-stress points. The result? A camera body that is significantly lighter than metal, yet engineered to be incredibly rigid and durable.\
\
2. High-End Precision at a Realistic Price\
CNC machining becomes exponentially expensive as a design grows more complex, and injection molding requires tens of thousands of dollars in static tooling. We\'92ve removed these hurdles. By utilizing the most up-to-date manufacturing technologies, we can implement complex, high-precision engineering that would be impossible or unaffordable with traditional methods, passing those savings directly to you.\
\
3. Agile Design: Tailored to Your Needs\
Mass production forces designers to simplify shapes just to fit a mold. We don\'92t have those limits. OZONE cameras are sculpted for the human hand and perfectly balanced for the lens. Because our manufacturing is digital and active, we offer a level of flexibility that traditional methods cannot match. From adjusting grips to modifying mounts for specific lenses, we can actively adapt and customize our designs to meet individual user needs. We\'92ve broken the myth that a professional camera must be "one-size-fits-all."\
\
4. Evolution in Real-Time\
Traditional manufacturing is static\'97once a mold is made, it never changes. OZONE is alive. Having built these cameras for four years and supported over 150 users worldwide, we improve our designs constantly. Every piece of real-world feedback is integrated into our process, meaning the camera you hold today is the result of continuous evolution and the latest engineering breakthroughs.}